Description of programs are as follows:

  read-client hostname port

    Writes to stdout any data received from socket.

  write-client hostname port

    Writes to stdout any data received from socket.
    Once a second writes date/time out onto socket.

  daytime-server port

    Writes date/time onto socket and closes socket.
    Same functionality as UNIX daytime service
    except perhaps that it will close socket after
    the value has been written.

  echo-server port

    Writes back onto socket any data it receives.
    Same functionality as UNIX echo service.

  chargen-server port

    Writes data continuously onto the socket.
    Same functionality as UNIX chargen service.

    Unlike other examples, the chargen-server
    implements a scheme to stop sending data when
    it is detected that the socket connection is
    full and a write would normally block. Sockets
    are initialised as non blocking so program
    would keep running, but all the data being
    written would queue up in the process and
    blow out the size of the process. Congestion
    is therefore monitored and sending of data
    is stopped when the client isn't reading it
    quick enough.

Examples for running the programs are as follows:

  read-client localhost 13

    Will connect to UNIX daytime service.

  daytime-server 22222
  read-client localhost localhost 22222

    Same but use our version of UNIX daytime service.

  write-client localhost 7

    Connects to UNIX echo service.

  echo-server 22222
  write-client localhost 22222

    Same but use our version of UNIX echo service.

  read-client localhost 19

    Will connect to UNIX chargen service.
    Produces lots of output so CTRL-C it quickly.

  chargen-server 22222
  read-client localhost 22222

    Same but use our version of UNIX chargen service.
    Use CTRL-Z to suspend the client and use ps or top
    program to see that server has stopped doing
    anything.

All process respond to CTRL-C.

Note that if a client fails to connect, it will exit immediately.

No disagnostics are output if an invalid port is  provided to servers.
